### NOTE 

I found the recursion methods in recursion.js to be nice and challenging. I was able to get most of them working without going back and checking the solutions. The only one that really threw me was the gatherStrings function, which after checking the solution, was on point.  
I dove into the Boggle problem and was able to get a decent chunk done, but I was really missing the idea of introducing the Set to track the matched letters from the word.  
What I was super confused about, and still am - is the split-square exercise. The starter code was all python files, which seems to be quite an abrubt shift from all the JS we've been working through in this section. Were there supposed to be JS files in there as well ? The reason I'm asking is because in the solution code, there were JS files for that exercise. But then looking through the solutions - I was really thrown by the bitwise operations happening in there right off the bat for the add.js file (which wasn't incliuded in the starter code). As far as I can remember, we haven't been intorduced to that at all, and although I'm mildly familiar with them from my University days - I definitely wouldn't have thought to take that direction here....  
I went ahead and submitted what I had done, and can go back and look through the solutions for split-square and figure out what is going on for sure... It just seemed as though maybe the wrong starter code was linked to the download because some of the concepts being asked were pretty far away from the material convered in the lessons for this section.  
I will ask my mentor tomorrow about that, and proceed accordingly.